We could use the same information as before and
choose a bar or column chart instead of a pie chart.
Instead of percentages, it would just show
the values with longer bars or columns representing larger values.
This puts a little different spin on things.
In this chart, we're comparing
the category values against each other and we see their relative sizes.
However, we do not have much sense of
the whole league or the percentage of each category as we did with the pie charts.
Choosing which kind of chart to use really depends on
what patterns you want to highlight and what questions you want to answer.
Use bar or column charts to compare category values with each other.
Those categories could be player positions as shown here or could
be sales years or could be apples and oranges.
Use a pie chart to show proportionality of categories.